# Hotel-Booking-Analysis-Using-Power-BI
Using Power BI to analyze and visualize a hotel booking dataset

## Problem Statement
The management of two popular hotels, City Hotel, and Resort Hotel, wanted to know and gauge the performance of their hotels with respect to some key performance indicators from 2018 to 2020. As the data analyst, I collected all necessary data on the two hotels that will be needed to answer and provide insights into these key performance indicators and help management make important data drive decisions in managing the two hotels.

## Objective
The objective of this analysis is to provide answers to management in gauging the performance of their hotels. Key questions that were used to guide my analysis and derive insights from the data collected are as follows:
1. What is the total revenue generated by the two hotels from 2018 to 2020?
2. What is the revenue trend of both hotels year on year?
3. What is the total number of nights stayed in both hotels?
4. What is the total revenue of each hotel? What is the percentage contribution of each hotel's revenue with respect to the total revenue of both hotels combined?
5. Should the car parking space of the hotels be increased or not?
6. Which market segment generated more revenue for the two hotels? Which of the two hotels did this market segment record the highest revenue?
7. Which customer type generated the most revenue among the two hotels?

## Files
The findings of the analysis are documented in the pdf file `hotel_booking_analysis_report.pdf`. The report is included recommendations based on the result of the analysis.
The `Hotel_Boooking.pbix` file is an interactive dashboard visualizing the analysis.
